[KEP] Update KEP #993 - Add configuration to retry mechanism for ProvisioningRequests (#3261)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: keps/993-two-phase-admission/README.md

	// Name is the name of the resource being referenced.
	Name string `json:"name"`
}

// Configuration is the Schema for the kueueconfigurations API
type Configuration struct {
	...
	// admissionCheckRetryStrategy defines strategy for retrying AdmissionChecks

> 	// +optional

Author: Done, thanks

	AdmissionCheckRetryStrategy *AdmissionCheckRetryStrategy `json:admissionCheckRetryStrategy, omitempty`
}

type AdmissionCheckRetryStrategy struct {
	// defaultRequeuingStrategy defines default requeueing strategy for AdmissionChecks
	//
	// Default values are:
	//
	// defaultRequeuingStrategyAC:
	//	timestamp: Eviction
	//	backoffLimitCount: 5
	//	backoffBaseSeconds: 60
	//	backoffMaxSeconds: 600
	//

> 	// +listType=map

Author: Done

> 	DefaultRequeuingStrategy *RequeuingStrategy `json:defaultRequeuingStrategy`

Author: Yes, and it introduces a field `releaseQuota` that allows users to release quota if the ProvisioningRequest fails

	// Name is the name of the resource being referenced.
	Name string `json:"name"`
}

// Configuration is the Schema for the kueueconfigurations API
type Configuration struct {
	...
	// provisioningRequestRetryStrategy defines strategy for retrying ProvisioningRequest
	ProvisioningRequestRetryStrategy *AdmissionCheckRetryStrategy `json:admissionCheckRetryStrategy, omitempty`
}

type ProvisioningRequestRetryStrategy struct {
	// defaultRequeuingStrategy defines default requeueing strategy for ProvisioningRequests.
	// The strategy is applied to all classes of ProvisioningRequest.
	//
	// Default values are:
	//
	// defaultRequeuingStrategyAC:
	//	timestamp: Eviction
	//	backoffLimitCount: 3
	//	backoffBaseSeconds: 60
	//	backoffMaxSeconds: 1800

> 	DefaultRequeuingStrategy *RequeuingStrategy `json:defaultRequeuingStrategy`

Reviewer: nit: Do we need default suffix in the name?

> 	// releaseQuota defines whether the reserved quota should be released during retry.
> 	// If the releaseQuota is set not false, controller will delete old ProvisioningRequest
> 	// and create a new one without releasing quota.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	// releaseQuota defines whether the reserved quota should be released during when its ProvisioningRequest  fails.
	// If the releaseQuota is set not false, controller will delete old ProvisioningRequest
	// and create a new one without setting the workload's adission check state to `Retry`.
```

If an admission check state is set to `Retry` the workload controller will release the quota.

	//
	// Defaults to true.

> 	ReleaseQuota *bool `json:releaseQuota`

Author: Fixed

newly identified preemptions, if needed), setting the `Admitted`
condition to True.

If a ProvisioningRequest check is switched to `Retry` state, the Workload will be requeued
or deactivated, with respect to the `ProvisioningRequestRetryStrategy.defaultRequeuingStrategy` defined in

> Kueue's global Configuration. If the Workload is requeued, controller should update Workload's `.status.requeueState`

Reviewer 2: >  If the Workload is requeued, controller ...

Which Controller should do this? the workload controller or the admission check controller.

> accordingly. If the limit of number of retries has been surpassed, the controller will mark the check as `Rejected`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
accordingly. If the limit of number of retries has been surpassed, the provisioning admission check controller will mark the check as `Rejected`,
```
